update docstrings & various fixes (#118)
datajoint/element-array-ephys: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contribution Guidelines

> This project follows the [DataJoint Contribution Guidelines](https://docs.datajoint.io/python/community/02-Contribute.html). Please reference the link for more full details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project follows the [DataJoint Contribution Guidelines](https://datajoint.com/docs/community/contribute/). Please reference the link for more full details.
```
